do not
normal you do not do the your idea to drop your
bases from here to there much better
much better in those improved in many
aspects we have improved in then in the
physical work and touch ball if
we are still a little bit obviously missing
very much a new half-time
season and this one and we work
still a lot about what
we abandon the goal this year
approaching the goal in a way
relational but be the champion we have
with what to start having a new team
we totally have to carry
I 'm not going to stop here is to not play anymore
iconic and other girls with university
well I have a very responsibility
great to be playing here because
I'm a decade then I have to
play a good role I like a lot
how are we united
It is to have a lot of communication between
others came a season playing here
but we've had parties write more
and it really has been a very, very
nice experience I really like this
sport is like a distraction calls me
a lot of attention
more than the school more than the scholarship
it's something that I like and I'm
pleased to be here